the moon we have to do things the hard
way and then will become heart heart
heart heart heart heart heart heart
heart who's that Pokemon
thanks for helping me get out i'm park
in that costume for hours i want i want
to that's what it said to me pika pika
pika pika pika pick up about finding a
way to find out what oh crap about
finding a way to find out a portal crowd
about finding a way to find out a portal
crap
it's time for a terrain on someone's
parade again James Jesse we're back to
back so demand for trouble watch your
devil make it done unite all peoples
within our nation do not be evil the
truth and love to extend our reach to
the stars above
ruff
wandering the world for years and bond
during the world for years at pokemon
wanders because all hard it's the only
pokemon of its species one of a kind
this planet there are more than 150
known species of Pokemon over
that's right Brock
hardwood you cared it wow it's a thunder
stone that's right wrong yes you can use
it to make beats hard